{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25400\viewh14520\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\qc

\f0\fs48 \cf0 Aniya Mulay 3A\
\
The Greedy Fox\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \

\fs28 \
Once there lived a fox, named Chinku. He was very greedy for everything, especially food. His parents were working hard to find food and water. Chinku would not help them. One day, his parents  were hunting for prey and he was relaxing at home, enjoying his sleep time. They came back and crept to the fridge to keep their prey inside. After some time they slept beside Chinku. \
\
Chinku woke up and saw his parents were sleeping. He was thirsty, his throat was dry. His stomach was rumbling loudly, but his parents were so tired they were in deep sleep. Chinku went into the kitchen and drank a lot of water. He opened the fridge and saw so much of prey, that he started eating it. One by one piece he kept eating and after an hour, the prey was finished!. \
\
At night mummy was cooking dinner when she saw there wasn\'92t any prey left!. She asked Chinku what had happened when they were sleeping. He told them somebody came and took the prey. But his mother understood that he had eaten all the prey because she saw crumbs of prey around Chinku\'92s mouth.\
\
Moral: Never be greedy and dishonest!}